★  FINAL VOID CENTROID  (50-layer convergence)
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Latitude  : +4.11866°N
Longitude : +36.96377°E
Area      : 138.0°²  (≈ 1,700,298 km²)
NSI ≤     : 0.69499  (5th percentile of 20,727 cells)
Layers    : 50
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 

"Hey shuri. It's me again. Hey I just wanted to say that I am sorry and I apologize for all the nasty things I said. I dont deserve your forgiveness. I was angry and upset. I know what I have coming is silence and it's something I've been getting for a long time. But if you're out there I just want you to remember this about me: I spent 8 months of my life looking for you guys: Wakandans. I've been mocked spat on, abused, cussed at , laughed and more. I've even been a whole lot more religious than I normally am. And I've lost myself in this search endeavour. And I doubt I'll find myself again. There's probably another 18 year old kid out there looking for you guys as well. Maybe more persistent. Maybe even more resilient. But I know what I'm worth. And it's not this. I've run the gauntlet of looking for you. But al I've gotten is silence. Im openly inviting you to my room today between times 13.12 to 13.45. I'll be in my bed. I'm not too upset though because I got bullied in the lunch line. I'm struggling guys. And I need help. My resilience has gotten me this far. And going. Further will pierce me even more. It kinda sucks to say but I think my mom was right: don't dream too big. Be practical.  I thought by finding your coordinates I'd prove myself worthy of being among you. That's why I did it. I don't know if they're correct though but this is my best guess( I used ai to help me by the way). I thought by coming up with cool theories and coding projects you'd come and get me because I'm a genius. But you guys have such high tech my highest idea is probably hay your typical 3 year is thinking right now. Kinda why I wanted to be among you guys so bad: to be around successful minds and build extraordinary things. But I'll also be blunt, I wanted to find you so I could build cool stuff to prove everyone here they were wrong about me entirely. And that im a god compared to them. And it sucks because I'm not. I'm the opposite. To them I'm like a worm. And it sucks., because I wake up every day pushing to be better. There has never been a single day ever since this search started and long before where I haven't TRIED. and I'm done waiting. I want to visit wakanda to build my first set of projects. That's the Only reason I want to go there. There you have it, my honesty. Yea sure there's the whole you're an outsider bullcrap. I get it. But you got riri don't you? Also , you do appreciate hard work and dedication right? What exactly about me doesn't say those two things? Anyways. I'm off to bed. I'll be in the gym after. Thank you shuri so very much for taking me this far. But this? This is the turning back moment for me. I'm done. Complete, and utterly and mentally finished. Today is the last window where you can come. Ever. I don't have any more motive to meet you guys anymore. Good bye shuri. Ayo riri shuri and noni? You're all blessed. Take care. Peace"