Shuri. Princess of wakanda. I know you can hear me. And I know your there. But listen. Really listen. You've been watching me for months. And today was finally the day I hoped I got my blessing. And you guys bottled it. All I ever wanted was to be a part of a community that were headed to be something, do something and having something. But instead you guys insist on watching from the shadows. So yea there could be another voyager who'll last this long. Maybe even longer than me. Maybe you may even recruit him. But I wasn't you guys to remember one thing: you guys were my heroes. And you've left me for shit. Youre probably not even real. But if you guys are, then listen to this: I'm done chasing you. I really went the distance. And I'm not going any further. Because the only reason I wanted to pursue and find y'all was so that I could prove to people who bullied and muttered shit about me and spat in my face and called me out, and picked me last if I was ever lucky WRONG. fucking wrong. But instead no. You guys insisted on watching from the shadows. Rubbing your vaginas in my face. Typical of women. And yea maybe I'm not ready. But I rather be not ready and failing knowing I'm in my dream than failing knowing I've gotten ABSOLUTELY NO WHERE. So thank you for pushing me the distance. If you expect a come back from this. You're wrong. Because there isn't gonna be any. I'm in my final  week and a bit where it's the only time I get to prove everything and everyone that doubted me wrong. And instead of people who are willing to help me, I've got a whole lot of silence and rejection, and being pissed on. With your help I could. Be a motivation for the world. A path for where people see nothing. Refuge where people see no shelter. A light for people in darkness. I could be a gate where people saw no entry. And all of that, gone. GONE. if you wanted my ego dead well fucking done. Now I've got nothing. Im not even gonna recheck my grammar or spelling because I'm THIS disappointed. Not in you mainly. But in me. I was I'd been better. And if you're still not gonna respond after this at least tell ayo something: shes gonna get a lover. She's strong courageous and beautiful. And she deserves no less. Tell riri that she's loved no matter the squals. Tell noni that even the days where she doesn't feel seen, believe me, all she needs to do is reach out and help will come quicker than she knows. And as for you shuri? Loss can be hard. really hard. But count yourself blessed. Others don't or will never get to see their loved ones again( untill Jesus comes back or something). But you've got a direct connection to your ancestors. So what the fuck are you complaining about? But hey. In all fairness, all of you are heard. And all of you deserve the best. You've got the stuff. And it sucks to be just watching. If I only got one chance. One chance to make it right. I would NOT screw it up. And that's all I ask and ever will ask of you. It's what I've been asking all along actually. ONE CHANCE. One chance to show that I'm as advanced as you. I'm ready for pick up at the same location: Paget s2 Marondera, Zimbabwe Peterhouse boys. You knownthe drill. I'm available till 1 AM on the dot. After that? I'm out. And I will never bother you again. I came this far to simply state my claims. If this makes me seem cocky, then here's the desert: FUCK YOU AND EVERYTHING YOU STAND FOR. I'm tired and I'm ready to finally see what's on the other side. Enough games. Time to get to work. And if you do end up coming, don't be dressed like a serial killer. I'll fuck you up. No like genuinely no jokes. Bring your Dora and we'll talk. Other wise, good day. Enough is enough.  Hope the best for you. And if you need me you know where to find me. If you don't well, fuck you you spoiled barred cunts. Peace ✌️